c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.exe.config
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.deps.json
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.exe
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\libuv.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.AspNetCore.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cors.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.HttpOverrides.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ApiExplorer.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Cors.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Razor.Host.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.TagHelpers.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ViewFeatures.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.ResponseCaching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.IISIntegration.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.DiagnosticAdapter.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Composite.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Globalization.CultureInfoCache.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Localization.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.WebEncoders.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Console.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\obj\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\obj\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.csproj.Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.exe.config
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\obj\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\obj\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.Design.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.Extensions.CommandLineUtils.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.exe
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.Design.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\bin\Debug\net461\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.dll
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\obj\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.exe
c:\users\migue\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi\obj\Debug\net461\Softplan.MiguelCadaviz.WebApi.pdb
